feat(postgres): bump psycopg to v3 & use sqlalchemy (TCTC-11016) (#2003)
ToucanToco/toucan-connectors: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Changed

> - Bump `psycopg` to v3
> - **breaking** Using `sqlalchemy` to request Postgres databases. SQL array type parameters are no longer converted into `tuples` so queries must use the `ANY` operator instead of `IN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **breaking** The Postgres connector's driver switched from `psycopg2` to `psycopg3`. As a consequence, array parameters are no longer interpolated as tuples in strings, meaning that in order to use query parameters, the `ANY()` function should be used instead of the `IN` operator: https://www.psycopg.org/psycopg3/docs/basic/from_pg2.html#you-cannot-use-in-s-with-a-tuple
* The Postgres connector now uses `psycopg` via `sqlalchemy` rather than directly
```
